what's up YouTube it's Goonies here
doing the unboxing of the Liberty
assortment that I picked up at red apple
fireworks I got a case of these I
thought it was a really good assortment
so might as well just get more than once
I could have whatever kinds of stuff I'm
gonna go through pretty much every
single one so you guys could see what
comes in here and then the more you guys
like this or want more videos up I'll
light a couple of these things off and
post videos about them and all you guys
got to do is just click the like button
so that way I can go ahead and do that
let's start with me here okay this one
is called on the fritz and this is just
a fountain I thought it was more than a
phone see I see emit showers of sparks
so there's no flaming balls or reports
oh is that one there okay then we got
garden in the spring that also that's a
fountain that starts out as Fallon the
net has reports at the end I got a
Saturn missile it's a twenty five shot
there some disco flasher then in the
mini you know the fill stuff in they
have some jumping jacks and ground
balloons poppers more propers some smoke
see a smoke their desert smoke little
things like that I mean here we have C
we have Halley's Comet and this is just
flaming balls I don't know if it starts
up as a fountain or not it's just I
don't know doesn't see how many shots it
is here so let's go the next one this
one here dramatic fantasy and that's
just a little small felony and again
some more little poppers on the bottom
you know new years and whatnot I think I
already got garden is spring so let's go
down here to Twitter glitter another
dramatic fantasy Twitter glitter I think
is just a fountain I don't think it has
no it has reports RC shoot swimming
balls and then you got
another one here this one is just cloud
dragon that's what this one is here I
mean this one is flower it starts off as
a fountain and then it shoots some
reports at the end of that and same
thing one with some phone calls since
called big snow and again same thing
let's say how many shots this is though
so saying there's your desert smoke and
some more little filling some poppers
and whatnot okay and we have here it's
already a pre-loaded mortar it's called
gold willow crackling gold willow
crackling and it's just one preload I
don't think you can see in there now you
can't but it's already pre-loaded so you
shoot that off hopefully I'll be able to
light that one very soon so you guys can
see what that one is uh another 25
little Saturn missile there then we got
a happy firework 16 shots I don't know
what this is here Jade flower and that's
just a little small fountain this is a
mega bigger desert or at night it starts
off as a fountain and then has some
reports at the end okay and let's move
to the bigger stuff here it looks like
it's a six pack here of festival balls
and try to open this stuff it up all the
stuff falling down I'll move to the next
one here open this one up hey let me put
this one down alright
all right show you what's in here this
your average little mortar nothing too
big you know just little artillery
shells my other videos I have an
unboxing of the X Cal's which I'll write
Apple fireworks there's another
pre-loaded shell here this is a little
bit heavier this is called the red the
laia and so it comes with two tubes I
mean it's not a badass arm it's actually
a really good assortment especially for
how cheap they were I got this
assortment I got four of these and a
case for like I think it's like a
hundred eighty bucks which is I mean for
these bad boys for 180 bucks you can't
beat that anywhere you go - that's why I
say you know go to red apple fireworks
go see Doug go see Deb Camille Dallas
they'll take care of you just Tom
Goonies set you and I'm sure they'll
hook you up I mean just like they did me
so this is that assortment here I think
they're still taped that's why it's not
coming up so it won't be within that one
but it she gets this pretty much the
same thing now it's just a festival
balls again so there you go
you guys head down to Pahrump and just
go see red apple fireworks and like I
said they have all different kinds stuff
I'm hopefully gonna do some more videos
there very soon so that way you guys can
see all the products that they carry I
mean it's just it's amazing like I said
I've been there and I plan on going back
very soon to pick up more stuff and they
have quite a selection I mean anything
from red rhino mega banger world-class
big Shogun like probably not naming them
all make a banger I have all different
kinds of stuff and I mean like I said
I've been to all the stores over there
I've been area 51 I've been to phantom
I've been to black the black Jack's I
think it is and you know decently you
know phantoms crazily overpriced area 51
is pretty cool
Blackjacks very old and
dirty but this new store I mean you walk
in they got popper for you they got
Celeste she's ready to go I mean you
can't beat that that's just a start and
then you're amazed by the whole store
the selection with customer service is
excellent
so guys head down there make sure no
matter what you guys stop at red apple
it's Tom Guney sent you and again if you
guys like this and want to see more
unboxing of different items from there
and prices and whatnot so you guys know
just going to click the like button
subscribe rate all that other good stuff
alright guys have a good one